DOCS-1601: Make processes page and clean up run.md (#2505)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/build/configure/_index.md

## Processes

To automatically run a specified command when the machine boots, configure a _{{< glossary_tooltip term_id="process" text="process" >}}_.

> A process can be any command, for example one that executes a binary or a script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure any command, for example one that executes a binary or a script, to run as a process.
```

> Find more information in our [processes documentation](/build/configure/processes/).

Reviewer: avoid first person pronouns

Author: ```suggestion
Find more information in the [processes documentation](/build/configure/processes/).
```
